like to for hosting this Summit that
comes at the decisive moment in the
history of our region this Summit
convenes as our fellow brothers in Gaza
Strip go through that what is unbearable
under the Israeli killing machine and
the International Community failed to
live up to their ethical and legal
responsibility or take what it takes to
end war crimes
pgms and violations committed in under
the pretext of self-defense
and as our hearts broken to witness
women children and Elders killed in
masses amid this human sufferings till
when will the International Community
remains silent to deal with Israel and
leave them above the international law
allowing them to violate all the
international laws and turn a blind eye
to all the human values in their
belligerent war on the indigenous people
of
Palestine what is taking place in Gaza
is a real threat at all
levels there are
unprecedented events how comes the
bombardment of Hospital becomes an
ordinary
Attack under the false allegation that
there are tunnels and military
installations
underneath our eyes are frozen and
heartbroken to see these atrocities all
this is
unprecedented in this war and even
before during the unjust Siege of
Gaza many peoples and States worldwide
who lecture on
the abidance and compliance with
international law and human values
standing silent amid all these
atrocities against the Palestinians
Women and Children
bombardment of
hospitals and Sheltering centers are
even represents nothing to them they
remain silent to see the dead bodies red
bloated and eaten
by stray animals the international World
remained immune against all these scenes
yet at the same time justifying all
these crimes committed by the Israelis
who could imagine that hospitals can be
publicly and openly shelled in the 21st
century total household entire
residential quarters being wiped of the
face of the Earth entire people being
forced to depopulate and transfer F out
of their Homeland all this unprecedented
events taking place under the nose and
eyes of the whole world yet some Harry
to support and stand in solidarity of
Israel and its leader the state of Qatar
has always had stand and firm position
in support of the Palestinian people and
they their just cause and we will
continue with our partners in the region
and the International Community to
deliver humanitarian Aid and the Swift
Delivery thereof am made the Israeli
huus
and rejection of the delivery of Aid and
here we call for opening constantly
opening the humanitarian Corridor to
deliver Aid to the affected and the
agreed without any condition or
restriction and we totally and
categorically reject any denial of
humanitarian Aid and the use of aial
bombardment for political blackmail we
emphasize that all these delivery items
human Aid must arrive and on each and
every corner of Gaza Strip This is at
the least we can
do as similarly we will continue to
engage in all the political and
diplomatic efforts regionally and
globally to end blood shed including a
mediation for the release of captives
and we hope a permanent ceas fire will
be reached
immediately to spare the Gaza Strip from
the further repercussions of this
humanitarian crisis we reiterate Our
Fair positions against the targeting of
all civilians regardless of their race
ethnicity religion or color of skin we
also condemn the targeting of medical
and educational facilities under any
pretext and in this context that the
international the United Nations
dispatch investigation teams to
verify the false allegations propagated
by the Israeli occupation to justify the
bombardment of these installations I
reiterate nothing justifies these crimes
you all aware of the sentiment sweeping
and prevailing among our people and this
is not disputed issue and this
difference cannot prevent us from taking
a firm stand against the crimes
committed in Gaza we should not stop at
releasing statement of condemnation we
should take deterring action to put an
end to the Pleasent war in
Gaza backed by the Islamic State if
Israel continues to violate the
international law will
not cause damage to the Arab and Muslim
countries alone but the regional States
as well finally I emphasize that the
only lasting peace to this issue is that
under the international resolution the
Arab peace initiative it is the solution
that has always has been reiterated by
the International Community and to which
we adhere based on our conviction of the
Palestinian people's rightful right for
peace security and independent state and
the Practical measures following this
belligerent war will allow Israel to
continue to undermine all efforts aiming
at establishing
peace mainly Israel continues to check
to recognize the rights of the
Palestinian people what it always plans
for is further military and Security
Solutions against the civilians
indigenous people the International
Community must
act to end
this current crisis and if we fail we
will allow the Israelis to continue with
this practice thank
youed to